alright so my tray is ready to bake now
on notice I only have one color in each
compartment and that's that my colors
don't mix because if that happens it'll
turn brown and it'll look ugly so I only
had one color for each little
compartment my free ordered my toaster
oven to 272 75 Fahrenheit and I'm now
going to put them in the toaster only
for a couple minutes when i say toaster
I actually kind of mean conventional
oven this just happens to be a small
small one if you don't have one just use
the regular oven and a potholder is
always important fill that up carefully
put these guys on without spilling wish
them luck good luck minifigure crayons
all right I'm going to come back in
about two minutes to check on them um it
should only take I don't know four or
five minutes um there Glen melts really
fast so keep your eye on them and I'll
come back soon alright it's only been
about three minutes and the crayons are
finished you can see they melted nicely
into their little container I'm going to
let these solidify for about a minute
and then I'm going to put them in the
fridge to cool for maybe a half hour so
i will show you how to remove them from
the tray after they cool so i just took
these out of the fridge and i'm going to
show you how to carefully remove them
from the mold you don't want the neck to
detach from the head so i'm just going
to pull on it one at a time to open it
up and then i'm going to push from the
bottom
peel it off carefully and you've got
your finished crown happy coloring